README.md, before:

# retell-custom-llm-python-demo

This is a sample demo repo to show how to have your own LLM plugged into Retell.

This repo currently uses `OpenAI` endpoint. Feel free to contribute to make
this demo more realistic.

## Steps to run in localhost

1. First install dependencies

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Fill out the API keys in `.env`

3. In another bash, use ngrok to expose this port to public network

```bash
ngrok http 8080
```

4. Start the websocket server

```bash
uvicorn app.server:app --reload --port=8080
```

You should see a fowarding address like
`https://dc14-2601-645-c57f-8670-9986-5662-2c9a-adbd.ngrok-free.app`, and you
are going to take the hostname `dc14-2601-645-c57f-8670-9986-5662-2c9a-adbd.ngrok-free.app`, prepend it with `wss://`, postpend with
`/llm-websocket` (the route setup to handle LLM websocket connection in the code) to create the url to use in the [dashboard](https://beta.retellai.com/dashboard) to create a new agent. Now
the agent you created should connect with your localhost.

The custom LLM URL would look like
`wss://dc14-2601-645-c57f-8670-9986-5662-2c9a-adbd.ngrok-free.app/llm-websocket`

## Run in prod

To run in prod, you probably want to customize your LLM solution, host the code
in a cloud, and use that IP to create agent.

Commit message:

Improved chatbot. Added system message and tools

README.md, after:

# retellai_booking_api_demo

This is a phone calling hair salon chatbot using Retell API.

## Steps to run in localhost

1. First install dependencies

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Fill out the API keys in `.env`

3. In another bash, use ngrok to expose this port to public network

```bash
ngrok http 8080
```

4. Start the websocket server

```bash
uvicorn app.server:app --reload --port=8080
```

You should see a fowarding address like
`https://dc14-2601-645-c57f-8670-9986-5662-2c9a-adbd.ngrok-free.app`, and you
are going to take the hostname `dc14-2601-645-c57f-8670-9986-5662-2c9a-adbd.ngrok-free.app`, prepend it with `wss://`, postpend with
`/llm-websocket` (the route setup to handle LLM websocket connection in the code) to create the url to use in the [dashboard](https://beta.retellai.com/dashboard) to create a new agent. Now
the agent you created should connect with your localhost.

The custom LLM URL would look like
`wss://dc14-2601-645-c57f-8670-9986-5662-2c9a-adbd.ngrok-free.app/llm-websocket`
